Masonite tries to make the framework ready to launch. Masonite thrives to create a minimal configuration environment so you can get your application deployed as fast as possible. All configuration files are stored in the config directory. Some values are stored in your `.env` file as well.

Masonite uses the [python-dotenv](https://github.com/theskumar/python-dotenv) python library in order to load environment variables into the system as easy as possible.

## Retrieving Environment Variables

Any variables set in the `.env` file can easily be retrieved throughout your project by running:

```python
import os # ensure that this module is imported

os.environ.get('VARIABLE')
```

{alert} The `.env` file should not be committed to source control and is in the `.gitignore` file by default. It is safe to put sensitive information in this file

The `.env` file is great for putting any information you need that should not be stored directly into source control. 

## `config/` Configuration

Because Masonite strives on being simple, configuration files are separated into multiple `.py` files with names that correspond to what they provide. Database information will be found inside `database.py` and general application configurations will be found inside `application.py`. This is done so third party services and framework extensions can create new configuration files in order to ease their integration into your project. Third party services can now have their own configuration file entirely.

Most of these configuration files contain extensive comments so please feel free to browse them and get familiar with their functionality