The directory structure is very different than previous python frameworks and works to be more similar to the [Laravel](https://laravel.com/docs/5.5/structure) framework.

## The `app/` Directory

This directory contains most of the daily application logic. Under the direct directory root contains all the models. Any file like `app/Books.py` should be a model.

### `app/http`

This directory contains your controllers where you will house all of your application logic that is returned from your routes. Controllers will be explained later in the documentation.

#### `app/http/providers`

These providers are where the main application core is and contains much needed classes like `route`, `request` and `view` classes. These files should obviously not be removed.

### `app/providers`

This contains files which can *extend* functionality of the site and by default homes the `craft` command line commands.

## The `config/` Directory

This directory is used to contain all different types of configuration files and should be thought of as splitting a `settings.py` file into multiple different configuration files for ease of modification and third party packages.

### `config/app.py`

Contains all general application configuration requirements

### `config/auth.py`

Currently not in use. Future documentation will be created as this is used.

### `config/database.py`

Houses all database configurations that are used inside the application itself. This file grabs certain database
information in your `.env` file

### `config/mail.py`

Currently not in use. Future documentation will be created as this is used.

### `config/payment.py`

Contains any third party payment processors that you need. Third part packages can use this file to integrate their billing services. Currently only the `Billable` model uses this configuration file. 

### `config/storage.py`

Currently not in use. Future documentation will be created as this is used.

## The `databases` Directory

This directory only houses any migrations that you make. There are two default migrations which are used to create a `migrations` table and a `users` table. Both of these tables are created from the models inside the `app` directory

### `databases/migrations`

Contains any migrations you make. See the `craft` commands: `makemigration`, `modelmigrations` and `migrate` for more information on creating migrations

## The `kernal/` Directory

Currently contains an authentication system that can be implemented if `python craft auth` is ran. The name of the folder is arbitrary and will be renamed in later releases.

## The `packages/` Directory

Contains additional add-ons to the framework that can be used to easily extend functionality and is perceived to be important enough to implement into the framework but not important enough to make it default.

## The `resources/` Directory

Contains templates and any other resources needed for the project

### `resources/templates`

Any templates that are rendered with a view will be in this directory. All files should be ended with '.html' to the Jinja2 template engine can find it properly.

## The `routes` Directory

Contains both API and normal web routes in the corresponding files

### `routes/api.py`

Should contain all your API specific routes and should generally be separated from normal HTTP routes.

### `routes/web.py`

Contains all your normal HTTP routes that should return a controller

## The `storage/` Directory

Currently not used but will be home to any static files or user uploads

## `.env`

Contains all sensitive information your project needs to access. This file should not be pushed to version control and is in the .gitignore file by default.

## `craft` 

This file is the heart of Larapy and makes common tasks much easier. This file is used when you run `python craft` commands. Commands are found in `app/http/providers`. Every command is the corresponding function inside these provider files.

## `mine.py` 

This is a critical file and is needed to run gunicorn. **Do not delete this file**

## `Procfile`

Used to easily push to heroku which is a popular deployment service. `python craft deploy` will deploy your app to Heroku. Heroku needs to be installed on your system for this to work.

## `requirements.txt`

Contains all packages needed for this project. Both Heroku and `python craft install` uses this file for adding project dependencies to your system.

## `runtime.txt`

Used for heroku to decide which version of python to install when deploying a service.