Masonite focuses on easy development and fast deployment. Masonite is setup to easily deploy to Heroku by default and currently only supports Heroku for fast deployments. Future drivers will be added.

The deployment system is only a simple wrapper around the command line. Nothing in the framework references any deployment platform. For example, the `craft deploy` command is the same thing as running `git push heroku master`.

## Deployment

Since all the `Procfile` and `requirements.txt` files are already in your project, we are already ready to deploy to heroku. To deploy to Heroku just run:

    $ craft deploy

This command will run `git push heroku master`

This will use the application name in `config/application.py` and create a Heroku app.

{alert} This will deploy your application dependent on the `origin/master` branch of your application. The deployment branch of your application can be changed with command flags

If there is no Heroku app with the name of your Masonite application name then `craft` will ask you if you want to create the Heroku application. type `y` to create the application or `n` to abort.

If you enter `y` then sit back and watch as your Masonite app is deployed to Heroku.

## Types of Deployment

Currently there are three different types of deployment to Heroku.

If you want to deploy your origin/master branch then simply run: 

    $ craft deploy

This will run `git push heroku master`

If you want to deploy your local master branch then simply run:

    $ craft deploy --local

This will run `git push heroku master:master`

If you want to deploy your current branch you are on (as in you branched off master and are on a testbranch) then run: 

    $ craft deploy --current 

This will run `git push heroku HEAD:master`