Getting started is very easy. Below is how you can get a simple Hello World application up and running.

## Installation

Currently the only way to install this framework is by cloning the repository:

    $ git clone https://github.com/josephmancuso/python-framework.git

Once that is cloned we need to add the pip dependencies. You can run `pip3 install -r "requirements.txt"` or you can run the `craft` command:

    $ python craft install

**NOTE: Python craft commands are essentially wrappers around common command line tasks. Read the docs about the craft command tool to learn more**

This will install all the required dependencies to run this framework. Now we can run the gunicorn server by simply running `gunicorn -w 2 mine:application` or the `craft` command:

    $ python craft serve

This will run the server at `localhost:8000`. Navigating to that URL should show the Masonite welcome message.

## Hello World

All web routes are in `routes/web.py`. In this file is already the route to the welcome controller. To start your hello world example just add something like:

```python
Get().route('/hello/world', HelloWorldController().show),
```

our routes constant file should now look something like:

```python
ROUTES = [
    Get().route('/', WelcomeController().show),
    Get().route('/hello/world', HelloWorldController().show),
]
```

**NOTE: See that we did not call the method on the controller, we only referenced it. The method will be called in the backend as well as add dependencies into the class if needed. `HelloWorldController().show` is correct and `HelloWorldController().show()` is incorrect and will throw an error**

Lets also import the HelloWorldController and create it in the next step.

Put this at the top of the `routes/web.py` file
```python
from app.http.controllers.HelloWorldController import HelloWorldController
```

You'll notice that we have a reference to the HelloWorldController class which we do not have yet. This framework uses controllers in order to separate the application logic. Controller can be looked at as the views.py in a Django application.

In order to make the `HelloWorldController` we can use a `craft` command:

    $ python craft controller HelloWorldController

This will scaffold the controller for you and put it in `app/http/controllers/HelloWorldController.py` with the needed imports.

We can make a method called `show()` in order to handle the logic for our template.

Inside the `HelloWorldController` we can make a method that looks like this:

```python
def show(self, request):
    ''' Show Hello World Template '''
    return view('helloworld')
```

**NOTE: All views (controller methods) MUST take `self` and `request` as an argument. If you would like to render a template then you return a `view` function which is imported for you at the top. P.S. if you make the view a static method you do not need self.**

We are returning a `helloworld` template but we do not have that yet. All templates are in `resources/templates`. We can simply make a file called `helloworld.html` or run the `craft` command:

    $ python craft view helloworld

Which will create the template for us.

Lastly all templates run through the Jinja2 rendering engine so we can use any Jinja2 code inside our template like:

inside the `resources/views/helloworld.html`
```
{{ 'Hello World' }}
```

Now just run the server:

    $ python craft serve

And navigate to `localhost:8000/hello/world` and you will see `Hello World` in your browser.

Happy Crafting!





