If you take a look at how `bootstrap/start.py` works you will get an understanding of how the framework works internally. What's important to know is that gunicorn (by default, any wsgi server can be used) is used to run the application and uses the `wsgi.py` file to run the app.

`wsgi.py` imports the gunicorn app from `bootstrap/start.py` and runs the server. The server can be started with `craft serve` which is just a shorthand for `gunicorn -w 2 wsgi:application`

{alert} You'll see a lot of references to `craft` commands. `craft` is a powerful command line tool that you can use to lower the development time of mundane tasks like creating controllers, views, models and deployments.

Once the application is running, the `app` function inside `bootstrap/start.py` is only ran on requests to the server (e.x browser requests, POST requests, external requests etc) and not when the server starts.

The `app` function in `bootstrap/start.py` takes an `environ` variable which contains all necessary information like request path, form_params, server information etc. This is `wsgi` specific and is created by `wsgi` itself. There is no need to worry about supplying these paramters. Masonite has no control over these parameters. This runs through various `os.environ` settings and creates an actual `Request()` instance that can be found in `masonite.requests` module. This `Request()` object is the request object that is passed to the controller views and contains great methods that can be used to retrieve form params and be expanded on in the future to ease development.

The routes are then pulled in from `routes/web.py` and if the url's match up, will execute those routes. If any route is found it will stop looking for routes and execute that route. 

If no routes at all are found then it will pull all routes inside `routes/api.py` and see if any of those match. **If a route is found to the request path then it will execute that api. This is so you can specify a base API route and the application can do other magical things like retrieving additional API resource actions and endpoints not exclusively specified.**

All HTTP routes that are executed should go to a controller. **Only references to the function should be inside the route**. For example:

```python
from app.http.controllers.WelcomeController import WelcomeController

Get().route('/', WelcomeController().show), # this is good because .show is a reference to the controller method and not called.
Get().route('/', WelcomeController().show()) # this is not good as it has called the route and will actually crash the server
```

This will crash the server because variables need to be passed dynamically to the controller method (AKA view). The route is actually called inside the `app` function inside `bootstrap/start.py`

Or you can specify your controllers as a string:

```python
Get().route('/', 'WelcomeController@show'), # this is good because .show is a reference to the controller 
```

Notice how we didn't use imports here. This type of route does not need a controller imported. Controller strings are parsed and imported in the backend.

The major architecture challenge is that all requests must live and die inside the `app` function inside `bootstrap/start.py`. This presents slight problems that since nothing can persist outside this call, certain things must be passed around in linear order. For example, no keys in the environ inside the `app` function can be passed to other outside processors. If you store it in a Python shelf it cannot persist from request to request. Because of this, Django and other frameworks make it mandatory to have a `request` parameter in the views so that it can pass that request information down and allow you to access things from the request which is really important.

A great design concept is passing the `environ` into a class called `Request()` and then passing this around to views. This creates a layer of abstraction that can be used to expand the functionality of the normal environ dictionary that is passed. The `Request()` class can take the environ object in its constructor and parse what it needs.

When routes are imported, controllers are ran for their output (rendering a template for example) and passed as a byte string to be outputted to the browser.