Masonite has a clear distinction between HTTP routes and API routes. HTTP routes are housed inside `routes/web.py`. All routes should be inside the `ROUTES=[]` list so that the gunicorn engine can grab it.


### Creating a Route

A typical route looks like this:

```python
ROUTES = [
    Get().route('/checkout', CheckoutController().show),
    Post().route('/checkout', CheckoutController().store),
]
```

The routes list can house as many routes as your application needs.

Lets break down what these mean.

#### `Get()`

This is used to set the route to `GET` requests only. These are typically normal browser requests.

#### `Post()`

This is used to set the route to `POST` requests only. These are typically form submissions.

You are able to differentiate `GET` and `POST` for the same route and send it to two different views.

#### `route('url', Controller().method)`

This method takes two parameters. The first parameter is a string URL parameter you are trying to match. When the request method (`GET` or `POST`) match up and the route matches the URI pattern the user typed in then the view specified in the second parameter will fire.

**NOTE: We are only passing a _reference_ to the function and not actually calling it. This is due to the fact that we need to pass additional information via the gunicorn engine inside `app/start.py` like the request object or url parameters**

It's really as simple as that to setup normal HTTP urls

### Controller Strings

Conveniently you may also call your controller as a string inside your route. A Controller String will look something like `Controller@view`.

An example of a Controller String would be:

```python
routes = [
    Get().route('/home', 'HomeController@show'),
    Post().route('/about', 'AboutController@show'),
]
```

{alert} Controller Strings are great because you do not have to import the Controller into the `web.py` file. All imports will be performed in the backend

### Route Naming

You may also name your routes by appending on a `.name('name_here')` to the end of the route like so:

```python
routes = [
    Get().route('/home', 'HomeController@show').name('home'),
    Post().route('/about', 'AboutController@show').name('about'),
]
```

Then inside your views can redirect to the route based on the name of the route like so:

```python
def store(self, request):
    request.redirectTo('about')
```

This will redirect to the route based on the url specified. 

**NOTE: Only basic routes are currently supported (routes without `@variables` in them). Future support for the addition of dictionaries will be supported**
