I know that most developers want an easy way to open up an API system in their application quick and easy. Masonite makes it extremely simple to setup API access.

{alert} There is currently no authentication system for this API so use with caution

### Creating an API Route

All API routes are setup in `routes/api.py`. This is to create a little abstraction so developers can differentiate between what is an API route and what is a normal HTTP route as well as how the engine parses these routes.

There are two ways to create API routes:

```python
from masonite.routes import Api
from app.User import User

routes = [
    Api().model(User),
]
```

Thats it! You're done. In fact, the above setup is already in your application by default (but commented out).

It's fairly expressive syntax. `Api()` specifies that it is an API route which handles things slightly different than normal HTTP routes like appending additional parameters to the url.

The URL used to access this model is `/api/model_name` so in this case it will be `/api/users` by default. You can change this route by simply specifying a route before the model method like so:

```python
Api().route('/api/profile').model(User),
```

You may also exclude some fields by using the `.exclude()` method and pass it a list of class attributes at the end like:

```python
Api().route('/api/profile').model(User).exclude(['password', 'token']),
```

This will exclude any columns returned by the API calls

Now all CRUD operations for the `User` model will be at `/api/profile`

Thats it!

### How it works

The url specified in the `route()` function is just a base route. In the backend we match the beginning of this route and execute the route if it matches.

Once the framework matches this url, it will append additional strings and check for those matches.

For example, if the beginning of the url matches `api/profile` then it will will check if the rest of the url is `api/profile/1` and return a single record. The CRUD operations supported are below.

### The CRUD operations URL's

#### Create
##### POST `/api/model`

To create a record, just send a `POST` request to `/api/users` with the desired columns and values as the data.

This will return the created record

#### Read
##### GET `/api/model`

This gets all the records from that model

##### GET `/api/model/1`

This gets the first record from this model

#### Update
##### POST `/api/model/1/update`

This will update an existing record. Again just send the columns you want to update as the payload.

#### Delete
##### DELETE `/api/model/1`

This will delete the record and return the deleted record as the response. 
