Controllers are not a new concept in the MVC architecture but many of Pythons frameworks don't directly support them. Even Django is looked at as more of an MTV (Model Template View) architecture than a true MVC. Controllers are great because it gives you can entire class to work with rather than a single function or a single Class Based View. Controllers are great for creating private functions that need to perform view specific tasks and are convenient enough to have right there in the controller.

All controllers are inside the `app/http/controllers` directory.

### Creating Controllers

Controllers can either be created manually or via a `craft` command like:

    $ craft controller HelloWorldController

This will create a controller called `HelloWorldController.py` in the correct folder as well as scaffold out the class and add a `view` import which will most likely be needed.

The typical standard for controllers is to create a method (view) called `show()` if you want to display anything and `store()` if you want to store information (for example a post request). But these methods can be named whatever you want.

The controller method **MUST** take 2 parameters: `self` and `request`. The `request` parameter is an instance of `Request()`.

Views that are going to be displaying information should **_return_** a `view()` function that contains your template.

### The `view()` Function

The `view()` function will be used to render the actual template that is found in `resources/templates`. For example a template inside `resources/templates/index.html` should be rendered as `view('index')` and leaving out the `.html` part.

Variables can be passed to the template by specifying a dictionary as the second parameter of the `view()` function.

A typical view may look like this:

```python
def show(self, request):
    return view('index', {'variable': 'value'})
```

Thats it. Thats how controllers are used. A controller can be thought of as class that contains multiple views. A controller should be used for 1 thing and 1 thing well. Deciding on creating another controller can be equated to deciding on creating another App.

Controllers can be thought of as Django apps, although models and templates are still stored centrally although they can be segmented into their own folders.
