All models should be created in the same place which is the root of the `app` directory. Models can be created manually by creating a `.py` file inside the `app/` directory or can be created using the `craft` tool. Models are a great way to control all your database accession and storage operations and keeps a good separation of concerns with your data.

### Getting Started

There are two migrations already setup for your project by default. 

One migrations creates a migrations table which will keep track of all your migrations and allow you to roll back if needed. 

The second migrations sets up a users table with a name, password and email. Both of these migrations have the corresponding model.

**NOTE: Masonite does not have support for automatic migrations yet. If you want to make changes to your model after you have migrated then you will need to either drop the table and remigrate or run a `makemigration` to alter your model and manually add the fields to the model**

### Creating a Model

A model can be created really easily by running the `craft` command

    $ python craft model ModelName

This will create a model under `app/ModelName.py` and scaffold out all the imports you need as well as get your model setup with a commented out field.

Masonite models use the Peewee ORM system which is an active record type ORM system. Peewee documentation can be found [here](http://peewee.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

### Creating Migrations

There are currently two ways to create a migration. You can create one manually:

    $ python craft makemigration migration_name_goes_here table_name_here

This will create a migration under `databases/migrations` and add a record to the `migrations` table. Open up this migrations and add the alter operations inside the `migrator` tuple. A list of possible migration action can be found [here](http://peewee.readthedocs.io/en/latest/peewee/playhouse.html#migrate)

You can also create a migration from a model. To do this run:

    $ python craft modelmigration ModelName

This command will create a migration based on the model specified.

**NOTE: Make sure the model exists. This will create a migration but will not create the model. If you'd like the also create the model as well, just also pass the `--model` flag**

Once the migration is made you can make the desired changes to your model.

### Migrating

Finally in order to create the actual migrations so the database can be updated. Just run:

    $ python craft migrate

This will run all the migrations that have not been run yet.

**NOTE: Creating a makemigration will update the migrations table with the migration and set the batch field to 0. When a migrate command is executed, it will check all the migrations with batch 0, migrate them one by one and set the batch to 1**