I believe that it is important to create developer tools that can be used to build modern day software. Because of this belief, I knew that it is important to be able to easily integrate powerful features built in and create a workflow that seems like it's the new norm. I wanted to be able to write in SASS like the same way I write in CSS. I wanted to workflow to be completely seamless.

Because of this, any `.scss` or `.sass` files will be compiled into css whenever the server runs. Inside the `config/storage.py` file you can specify which folders masonite to look for as well as the folders to compile the css to.

## Getting Started

To get started, simply open up `storage/static/sass` and start writing sass. Remember to append any files with `.scss`. Any files prepended with an underscore (`_test.scss`) will not be rendered into a `css` file but will be able to be imported using the `@import` statement.

In other words, these files:

```
storage/
    compile/
    sass/
        _test.scss
        style.scss
``` 

will then compile into:

```
storage/
    compile/
        style.css
    sass/
        _test.scss
        style.scss
``` 
once the server is ran with `python craft serve`

All files with an underscore will be ignored but can be imported from any base `.scss` files.

```css
/* style.scss */

@import 'test';

$font-stack:    Helvetica, sans-serif;
$primary-color: red;

html {
  font: 100% $font-stack;
  background-color: $primary-color;
}
```

## Settings

All settings that are used to make SASS work with Masonite is inside `config/storage.py` under `SASSFILES`.

The `importFrom` setting will look for sass files inside the supplied directory. This setting can be the root of where to look for files. In other words if `storage/static` is the value given then it will find the SASS files inside `storage/static/masonite/css/style.scss`

The `includePaths` contain anywhere you want to `@import` files from. This means that if you want `_test.scss` from the example above to be able to be found when importing, you'll need to provide the directory that `_test.scss` is under. Masonite will not search multiple directories for `@import "test";`. If you would like to search multiple directories down then put in a base directory and then import into subdirectories like `@import "subdirectory/test";`

The `compileTo` setting is a single directory you like all your `.scss` files to compile to. Again, only base `.scss` files will be compiled and all underscore files will not. All underscore files are used for imports.